More than 70% of our planet is covered by the ocean. But, do you know what percentage of the ocean is designated as protected?
4%,10%,25%,50%
4%

How many people depend on forests for their livelihoods?
500 million,900 million,1.6 billion,5 billion
1.6 billion

Our planet has already lost nearly 40% of its forests in the last three centuries. How many football pitches is that a minute?
1,5,10,20
5

Can you guess how many gorillas are walking the planet in 2018?
1000,2000,4000,8000
1000

If global temperatures rise by 1.5%, can you guess what percentage of the world’s wildlife will be at risk of extinction?
5-10%,10-20%,20-30%,30-40%
20-30%

What does the term biodiversity mean?
The total variety of all life on earth,Lots of wild habitats,Different types of species,The variety of characteristics within a species
The total variety of all life on earth

What covers one third of the land’s surface, and helps to keep the climate stable by storing carbon?
Forests,Deserts,Grasslands,Rivers
Forests

Why are pollinators such as bees so essential to life on earth?
They provide oxygen,They turn over the soil helping plants to grow,They help reduce pest populations,They help provide the food we eat
They help provide the food we eat

Which of these species doesn’t have a home in the forest?
Grizzly bear,Great hornbill,Cheetah,Ring tailed lemur
Cheetah

On land which animal only ever moves their hind legs together, however in the water they kick each leg independently to swim?
Rhinoceros,Kangaroo,Hornbill,Hippopotamus
Kangaroo

The crop which considers frost as its enemy is ?
Rubber,Tea,Tobacco,Coffee
Tobacco

The first species of an agricultural crop produced scientifically by humans was ?
Triticale,Bt cotton,Sorghum,Chickkpea
Triticale

The only snake that builds a nest is ?
Desert Adder,Rattle Snake,King Cobra,Boa Constictor
King Cobra

This half-zebra-half-horse animal species went into extinction in the year 1883. This one of the most famous species of Africa, went into extinction due to excessive hunting. Name it.
Aurochs,Blue Buck,Quagga,Imposter Hutia
Quagga

Which of the following is not obtained from the bark of a tree?
Quinine,Tannin,Bhang,Cinnamon
Bhang

Transport of food from leaves to other parts of plant is termed as?
Scivation,Translocation,Upsuction,Transpiration
Translocation

Which is the only bird sanctuary in Uttarakhand?
Nanda devi Sanctuary,Ascot sanctuary,Rajaji national park,Assan Barrage Sanctuary
Assan Barrage Sanctuary

The phenomenon of summer sleep by animals is called?
Hibernation,Incubation,Gestation,Estivation
Estivation

What is the most abundant species of bird in the world?
The house crow,The house Sparrow,The house Bird,The red-billed Quelea
The red-billed Quelea

One of the oldest sight hound dog breeds, this one is regarded as the dumbest dog breed
Spanish Water dog,Poodle,American Alsatian,African Hound
African Hound

Which crop in Maharashtra is known as White Gold?
Oats,Barley,Rice,Cotton
Cotton

Sailor, Dead Leaf, Paper Kite, Blue Striped Crow, Julia and Great Egg Fly are all names of what?
Honeybees,Parrots,Sparrows,Butterflies
Butterflies

Which of the following is not a Biosphere Reserve?
Agasthyamala,Panchamarhi,Nilgiri,Nallamala
Nallamala

Salim Ali Centre for Ornithology and Natural History is situated at ?
Cochin,Ootacomand,Bombay,Coimbatore
Coimbatore

A group of owl is called a ?
Mob,Ministry,Hub,Parliament
Parliament

How many eyes does an earthworm have?
0,2,6,12
0

What are male zebras called?
Colt,Buck,Ram,Stallions
Stallions

Which type of squirrel inhabits your garden in India?
The Hoar-bellied squirrel,The Malayan giant squirrel,The five stripped palm squirrel,HAHAHA IDK
The five stripped palm squirrel

The great Indian Bustard is found which Indian state?
Madhya Pradesh,Assam,Karnataka,Rajasthan
Rajasthan

Of major insect groups, which are the only ones with just one pair of wings?
Mosquitoes,Dragonflies,Cockroaches,Houseflies
Houseflies